In the crowd on the street corner,
When I feel that I missed something,
"It just wasn't meant to be"
That's what I tell myself
Even though we both
Thought we liked each other,
Before graduation came,
Why couldn't we say it?
Youth is (so fleeting),
So short-lived,
And what's really important (those things)
Are often overlooked
If only I'd (stopped right there)
And had the courage (to face it),
Ah, maybe we'd still be together now.
German iris—do you remember?
They bloomed alongside the path
we walked to school,
The delicate purple flowers
We didn't know their name,
So we just called them "violets."
It felt like a little secret between us—
And every time I remember, it hurts.
Every person, without realizing it,
would become adults, won't they?
All the things that we didn't know
Is it really good that we know them now?
First love is (so fragile),
It never really bears fruit.
Only after years (have passed)
Do we come to understand.
When I look back (down that path),
I see you smiling (you are there),
Ah, I want to call out to you—but...
German iris—so many colors exist,
But you and I only knew the purple ones,
We lived in such a small world.
If only we had known more,
We wouldn't have misnamed
those rainbow flowers...
German iris—do you remember?
They bloomed alongside the path
we walked to school,
The delicate purple flowers
We didn't know their name,
So we just called them "violets."
It felt like a little secret between us—
And every time I remember, it hurts.
I looked it up in a plant reference book—
The purple flower from that day.